README.md, before:

<img src="https://github.com/cosai-oasis/oasis-open-project/blob/main/artwork/cosai-logo.png" width="400">

<!--[**Note:** This template is provided to give you a good idea about the kind of information you should include in a README.md file as a best practice. You know your project inside-out. Write your readme file for someone who doesn't know anything about it. What do you want people to know about your project who are just coming across it for the first time? OASIS Staff are happy to collaborate with you as well.

Further README inspiration can be found [here](https://www.makeareadme.com/) and [here](https://github.com/hackergrrl/art-of-readme#readme).

You may copy and edit this template as you see fit for your project and your community. You are also welcome to use emojis, graphics or images in your README. This file should be reviewed regularly and kept up-to-date.]-->


## CoSAI Workstream 1: Software Supply Chain Security for AI Systems

This repository is for the work of the CoSAI Workstream 1, Software Supply Chain Security for AI Systems. CoSAI is an [OASIS Open Project](https://www.oasis-open.org/open-projects/) and an open ecosystem of AI and security experts from industry leading organizations dedicated to sharing best practices for secure AI deployment and collaborating on AI security research and product development. For more information on CoSAI, please visit the [CoSAI website](https://www.coalitionforsecureai.org/) and the [Open Project repository](https://github.com/cosai-oasis/oasis-open-project) which has information governance and the project charter.

### About this workstream
Significant efforts are ongoing to extend SSDF and SLSA principles to the security of AI development. Classical software SSDF and SLSA solutions provide the foundation for secure software development yet the individual organizations continue to face challenges integrating provenance solutions into their infrastructure and development practices including determining how to address changes in provenance proofs, shifts in publisher trust, etc... As the efforts to expand provenance controls into the AI domain advance, this CoSAI workstream will focus on lowering the barriers to AI provenance adoption and risk management. Further information can be found [here](https://github.com/cosai-oasis/oasis-open-project/blob/main/WORKSTREAMS.md).

<!--## Badges [optional – TBD]

Using badges is optional, but they are a nice way to show some key facts and stats about your project at a glance. There are badges for all kinds of things relating to your repository, e.g. to show the license you're using, the programming language, the number of forks, or a CI badge to show build/test status. Be mindful not to use too many badges. You can use [Shields](http://shields.io/) to add some to your README. Many services also have instructions for adding a badge. Check out the README of the Open Cybersecurity Alliance project [Kestrel](https://github.com/opencybersecurityalliance/kestrel-lang) to see badges in action.

## Description -TBD

* State what problem(s) your project solves.
* Note its development status.
* List the most useful/innovative/noteworthy features.
* Note and briefly describe any key concepts (technical,  philosophical, or both) important to the user’s understanding.
* Link to any supplementary blog posts or project main pages.
* Compare/contrast your project with other, similar projects so the user knows how it is different from those projects.
* Highlight the technical concepts that your project demonstrates or supports. Keep it very brief.
* If available, include screenshots and demo videos.

## Repository Organization (What's Here?) - TBD

You can use this section to give a brief overview of what can be found in this repository, e.g. documentation, meeting minutes, or templates. A good example of this can be found in the README of the [OASIS OpenC2 TC repository](https://github.com/oasis-tcs/openc2-tc-ops/blob/main/README.md).
Please make sure to update it on a regular basis – when new files or folder are added to the repository.-->

## Contributing

Give a brief explanation of what kind of contributions you are looking for and what your requirements are for accepting them. Then link to
[CONTRIBUTING.md](link to your contributing.md file) for more information and also add a link to [CODE_OF_CONDUCT](link to your code_of_conduct.md file).

## Authors and Maintainers

Adds names / GitHub profile links for those who have contributed to this repository. If you have a maintainer's list, link to it here.

## Support
For issues or features, please use Github issues. You can also join the workstream mailing list by posting an empty email to [cosai-supply-chain-ws+subscribe@lists.oasis-open-projects.org](mailto:cosai-supply-chain-ws+subscribe@lists.oasis-open-projects.org). You can read the mailing list archive [here](https://lists.oasis-open-projects.org/g/cosai-supply-chain-ws/topics).

You can also join us on Slack via [this link](https://join.slack.com/t/cosai-op/shared_invite/zt-2rbgqtolg-GdajCyOiddYtGJ3cSdk1Jg) and introduce yourself in the #ws1-supply-chain channel

## Governance and Licenses

CoSAI and the CoSAI workstream operates under the terms of the [Open Project Rules](https://www.oasis-open.org/policies-guidelines/open-projects-process), the [CoSAI Governance](https://github.com/cosai-oasis/oasis-open-project/blob/main/GOVERNANCE.md) and [Workstream Governance](https://github.com/cosai-oasis/oasis-open-project/blob/main/TSC-WS-GOVERNANCE.md), as well as the following the licenses:
* CC-BY 4.0 for documentation and data contributions; and
*  Apache License v2.0 for source code and models
  
The applicable license will be determined for each repository, as applicable, at the time of its
creation.

## RFC Process
See [RFC Template](rfcs/00-rfc-template.md).

Commit message:

adds link to CONTRIBUTING.md

README.md, after:

<img src="https://github.com/cosai-oasis/oasis-open-project/blob/main/artwork/cosai-logo.png" width="400">

<!--[**Note:** This template is provided to give you a good idea about the kind of information you should include in a README.md file as a best practice. You know your project inside-out. Write your readme file for someone who doesn't know anything about it. What do you want people to know about your project who are just coming across it for the first time? OASIS Staff are happy to collaborate with you as well.

Further README inspiration can be found [here](https://www.makeareadme.com/) and [here](https://github.com/hackergrrl/art-of-readme#readme).

You may copy and edit this template as you see fit for your project and your community. You are also welcome to use emojis, graphics or images in your README. This file should be reviewed regularly and kept up-to-date.]-->


## CoSAI Workstream 1: Software Supply Chain Security for AI Systems

This repository is for the work of the CoSAI Workstream 1, Software Supply Chain Security for AI Systems. CoSAI is an [OASIS Open Project](https://www.oasis-open.org/open-projects/) and an open ecosystem of AI and security experts from industry leading organizations dedicated to sharing best practices for secure AI deployment and collaborating on AI security research and product development. For more information on CoSAI, please visit the [CoSAI website](https://www.coalitionforsecureai.org/) and the [Open Project repository](https://github.com/cosai-oasis/oasis-open-project) which has information governance and the project charter.

### About this workstream
Significant efforts are ongoing to extend SSDF and SLSA principles to the security of AI development. Classical software SSDF and SLSA solutions provide the foundation for secure software development yet the individual organizations continue to face challenges integrating provenance solutions into their infrastructure and development practices including determining how to address changes in provenance proofs, shifts in publisher trust, etc... As the efforts to expand provenance controls into the AI domain advance, this CoSAI workstream will focus on lowering the barriers to AI provenance adoption and risk management. Further information can be found [here](https://github.com/cosai-oasis/oasis-open-project/blob/main/WORKSTREAMS.md).

<!--## Badges [optional – TBD]

Using badges is optional, but they are a nice way to show some key facts and stats about your project at a glance. There are badges for all kinds of things relating to your repository, e.g. to show the license you're using, the programming language, the number of forks, or a CI badge to show build/test status. Be mindful not to use too many badges. You can use [Shields](http://shields.io/) to add some to your README. Many services also have instructions for adding a badge. Check out the README of the Open Cybersecurity Alliance project [Kestrel](https://github.com/opencybersecurityalliance/kestrel-lang) to see badges in action.

## Description -TBD

* State what problem(s) your project solves.
* Note its development status.
* List the most useful/innovative/noteworthy features.
* Note and briefly describe any key concepts (technical,  philosophical, or both) important to the user’s understanding.
* Link to any supplementary blog posts or project main pages.
* Compare/contrast your project with other, similar projects so the user knows how it is different from those projects.
* Highlight the technical concepts that your project demonstrates or supports. Keep it very brief.
* If available, include screenshots and demo videos.

## Repository Organization (What's Here?) - TBD

You can use this section to give a brief overview of what can be found in this repository, e.g. documentation, meeting minutes, or templates. A good example of this can be found in the README of the [OASIS OpenC2 TC repository](https://github.com/oasis-tcs/openc2-tc-ops/blob/main/README.md).
Please make sure to update it on a regular basis – when new files or folder are added to the repository.-->

## Contributing

Please see the [CoSAI Contributing policy](./CONTRIBUTING.md) for more details.

<!-- Give a brief explanation of what kind of contributions you are looking for and what your requirements are for accepting them. Then link to
[CONTRIBUTING.md](link to your contributing.md file) for more information and also add a link to [CODE_OF_CONDUCT](link to your code_of_conduct.md file).-->

## Authors and Maintainers

Adds names / GitHub profile links for those who have contributed to this repository. If you have a maintainer's list, link to it here.

## Support
For issues or features, please use Github issues. You can also join the workstream mailing list by posting an empty email to [cosai-supply-chain-ws+subscribe@lists.oasis-open-projects.org](mailto:cosai-supply-chain-ws+subscribe@lists.oasis-open-projects.org). You can read the mailing list archive [here](https://lists.oasis-open-projects.org/g/cosai-supply-chain-ws/topics).

You can also join us on Slack via [this link](https://join.slack.com/t/cosai-op/shared_invite/zt-2rbgqtolg-GdajCyOiddYtGJ3cSdk1Jg) and introduce yourself in the #ws1-supply-chain channel

## Governance and Licenses

CoSAI and the CoSAI workstream operates under the terms of the [Open Project Rules](https://www.oasis-open.org/policies-guidelines/open-projects-process), the [CoSAI Governance](https://github.com/cosai-oasis/oasis-open-project/blob/main/GOVERNANCE.md) and [Workstream Governance](https://github.com/cosai-oasis/oasis-open-project/blob/main/TSC-WS-GOVERNANCE.md), as well as the following the licenses:
* CC-BY 4.0 for documentation and data contributions; and
*  Apache License v2.0 for source code and models
  
The applicable license will be determined for each repository, as applicable, at the time of its
creation.

## RFC Process
See [RFC Template](rfcs/00-rfc-template.md).
